now the Lord spoke to Moses command to
the children of Israel and say to them
my offering my food for my offerings
made by fire as a sweet aroma to me you
shall be careful to offer to me at their
appointed time and you shall say to them
this is the offering made by fire which
you shall offer to the Lord
- male lambs in their first year without
blemish day by day as a regular burnt
offering the one lamb you shall offer in
the morning the other lamb you shall
offer in the evening and one tenth of an
ephah of fine flour as a grain offering
mixed with 1/4 of a hint of pressed oil
it is a regular burnt offering which was
ordained at Mount Sinai for a sweet
aroma an offering made by fire to the
Lord and it's drink offering shall be
1/4 of a hidden for each lamb in a holy
place
you shall pour out the drink to the Lord
as an offering the other lamb you shall
offer in the evening as the morning
grain offering and its drink offering
you shall offer it as an offering made
by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord and on
the Sabbath day to lambs in their first
year without blemish and two-tenths of
an ephah of fine flour as a grain
offering mixed with oil with its drink
offering this is the burnt offering for
every Sabbath besides the regular burnt
offering with its drink offering at the
beginnings of your months you shall
present a burnt offering to the Lord to
young bulls one Ram and seven lambs in
their first year without blemish three
tenths of an ephah of fine flour as a
grain offering mixed with oil for each
Bowl two-tenths of an ephah of fine
flour as a grain offering mixed with oil
for the one Ram and one tenth of an
ephah of fine flour mixed with oil as a
grain offering for each lamb as a burnt
offering of sweet arrum an offering made
by fire to the Lord their drink offering
shall be half a hint of wine for a bowl
1/3 of a hint for a ram and 1/4 of a
hint for a lamb
this is the burnt offering for each
month throughout the months of the year
also one kid of the goats as a sin
offering to the Lord shall be offered
besides the regular burnt offering and
it's drink offering on the 14th day of
the first month is the Passover of the
Lord and on the fifteenth day of this
month is the feast unleavened bread
shall be eaten for seven days on the
first day you shall have a holy
convocation you shall do no customary
work and you shall present an offering
made by fire as a burnt offering to the
Lord to young bulls one ram and seven
lambs in their first year be sure they
are without blemish their grain
offerings shall be of fine flour mixed
with oil three tenths of an ephah you
shall offer for a bowl and two tenths
for a ram you shall offer one tenth of
an ephah for each of the seven lands
also one goat as a sin offering to make
atonement for you you shall offer these
besides the burnt offering of the
morning which is for a regular burnt
offering in this man you shall offer the
food of the offering made by fire
for seven days as a sweet aroma to the
Lord it shall be offered besides the
regular burnt offering and its drink
offering and on the seventh day you
shall have a holy convocation you shall
do no customary work also on the day of
the firstfruits when you bring a new
grain offering to the Lord at your feast
of weeks you shall have a holy
convocation you shall do no customary
work you shall present a burnt offering
as a sweet aroma to the Lord to young
bulls one Ram and seven lambs in their
first year with their grain offering of
fine flour mixed with oil three tenths
of an ephah for each Bowl two tenths for
the one ram and one tenth for each of
the seven lambs also one kid of the
goats to make a tournament for you be
sure they are without blemish you shall
present them with their drink offerings
besides the regular burnt offering with
its grain offering
you